NEW: Save and load rebinds as JSON. (#1186)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/CHANGELOG.md

- Device layouts can now be "precompiled" for speed. `Keyboard`, `Mouse`, and `Touchscreen` are now included as precompiled layouts greatly reducing instantiation time and GC heap cost for these devices. For `Touchscreen`, this results in a >20x speed-up for `InputSystem.AddDevice<Touchscreen>()`.
- Added Pose Control layout. The Pose Control is used on XR Devices and wraps tracking state, position, rotation, and velocity information.

#### Actions

> - Can now save binding overrides as JSON strings and restore them from such using the newly added `SaveBindingOverridesAsJson` and `LoadBindingOverridesFromJson` extension methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now save binding overrides as JSON strings and restore them from these strings using the newly added `SaveBindingOverridesAsJson` and `LoadBindingOverridesFromJson` extension methods.
```
